WeWork is the platform for creators, providing hundreds of thousands of members across the globe space, community, and services that enable them to do what they love and craft their life's work. Our mission is to build a world where people work to make a life, not just a living, and our own team members are central to that goal.  WeWork is looking for creative, technically minded Data Scientists who are motivated to solve some of the world’s most challenging problems. Data is at the heart of our business at WeWork and as a Data Scientist, you will leverage this resource to evaluate and provide insights into both our physical, and digital products & features. In collaboration with a multidisciplinary team of engineers and analysts, you will apply diligent statistical methods, robust code, and transparent scientific rigor to creatively develop models that will be embedded in software products that deliver data-driven insights seamlessly to end users where they need it, and when they need it. As a Data Scientist, you will apply the latest techniques in Machine Learning to develop large-scale solutions related (but not limited) to: computer vision, geospatial modeling, natural language understanding, supply chain optimization, and construction management. Our product and engineering teams collaborate very closely with our Data Scientists to share domain knowledge, test hypotheses at scale, and develop promising machine intelligence enabled solutions that can be quickly and widely deployed. We are passionate at providing effortless accessible intelligence, and actionable insights to our end users. Our ideal candidate is: self-motivated, highly analytical, develops and validates hypotheses in a structured & scientific way, is technically excellent at writing code, and is passionate about delivering solutions for end users coping with real-world business problems. Responsibilities Work collaboratively with product, engineering, and business leaders to find opportunities to improve and enhance our technology products, and processes. Perform data gathering, and requirements gathering & analysis. Research prior work to inform and develop rational hypotheses, and quantify appropriate optimization metrics & targets. Work with large and complex data sets. Solve difficult data analysis problems by applying advanced analytics methods as needed. Develop prototype data analysis/machine learning pipelines iteratively as needed to generate actionable insights. Refactor data analysis/machine learning pipelines to support scalable, production deployment. Deliver compelling data-driven solutions that provide users with key insights when they need it, and where they need it. Communicate findings to technical collaborators, and business stakeholders through storytelling. Serve as a go-to expert in a data-related sub-domain and provide actionable feedback as part of data science experiment peer reviews. Drive hands-on execution of data science model development. Lead collaborative efforts across different functional and product teams. Actively reinforce technical strategy and culture Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g. computer science, engineering, physics, bioinformatics, statistics, mathematics, etc.). Strong programming experience in SQL and one or more of the following languages: C/C++, C#, Java, Python, R, SAS, MATLAB, Pandas Experience in one or more of the following: Machine Learning, Natural Language Understanding, Computer Vision, Data Mining, Artificial Intelligence, Convex Optimization. Preferred Qualifications Master’s or Ph.D. degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g. computer science, engineering, physics, bioinformatics, statistics, mathematics, etc.). Experience training Machine Learning models on libraries such as Tensorflow, PyTorch, Scikit-learn. Experience training machine learning models in a cloud computing environment such as: Amazon EC2, Google Cloud Platform, Microsoft Azure, etc. Contribution to research communities via publications in conferences such as KDD, ICML, NeurIPS, and/or code contributions in open source communities such as scikit-learn, CLTK, NLTK, etc. Strong communication and interpersonal skills. Demonstrated ability to communicate with business stakeholders to understand requirements, and present findings and recommendations that demonstrate value. 5+ years of relevant work experience. WeWork is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.